the real carbonara
Who knows what I'm in Rome on Friday
Marco Bonino a nice mix As
you may have understood I'm a gricia Lover
a poem I'll see you when the plate
is empty it's completely clean
the shoe needs to be made
we're joking I have to
leave this clean
I had  opened a restaurant with his wife
at the end of the nineteenth century
[Music]
we realize that we are talking
well find Friends Rome now Hello everyone
Hello Marco We are at the table and we are in a
trattoria a truly famous restaurant
in Rome in the heart of Testaccio we are from
Perilli why did you bring me here to
eat today I'm here because here you
can taste the typical Roman specialties
the most classic but also the slightly
more particular ones dishes like the
classic nerves always timeless like
tripe beans with pork rinds
sweetbreads sweetbreads  of lamb This
is a truly special thing, a
very good house wine,
this one comes carbonara, which is
half a carbonara for me. Look how
beautiful it is, and a gricia for our Andrea,
who got stings from the griciato and got
half a carbonara Oh, here some
nerves have arrived  and the legendary chicory The
magical chicory with
anchovy paste Look how beautiful
the nerves are
Who knows what the nerves are in Rome
March is good
spicy very spicy down a little
wine and it's all right Andrea
attacks the gricia let's try  a nice
mix As you will have understood I am a
gricia Lover And of course therefore also the
most suitable person to judge the
level of gricia
a poem
guys
see you when the plate is empty and
completely clean
the sauce
shows the real carbonara is good
wonderful it rocks it rocks guys  I've
already finished my half carbonara. In a
bit I'll attack it also in terms of the
shoe. Andrea continues with his
gricia. Look at how particular
the place is, which has clearly been
tidied up.
It's really very nice. The
shoe has to be
made.  it's true But are we kidding I
have to leave this clean
[Music] it
still crackles sauce is so
good that you can't leave it on the plate you
have to leave a drop guys not even
a drop There's also a nice birthday
today
and now let's attack this wonderful
lamb  fried fried lamb chops
Look at the nice knife they
gave me to cut them because you need a
nice knife But then thinking about it carefully,
what do I do with the TAC knife with
nice light hands
Look at the nice plate with
chicory, fried courgettes and a small
piece  I
'll eat some fried lamb too, come on
Mmm
So what are these nerves
What are the nerves they are practically the
tendons of the bovine you must know that
Roman cuisine is a poor cuisine and
many Roman dishes are
reinvented what is left over from the
beast cannot be  throw away nothing throw
away nothing once go so
even the brain which is now difficult
to find But in any case here there are still
the nerves Here there are still
good sweetbreads really special it's really
good small crunchy fried courgette
better than a chip but
think about it  this restaurant here since 1911 and
even before that in via dell'oca Sor Perilli
He had opened a restaurant with his wife
at the end of the nineteenth century and then he came
to Marmorata to open this
historic place of perdition because the
lamb chop is eaten with
hands because it's made on purpose you see
this when nature comes to meet you
am we ask with a nice sorbet a little
too banal perhaps but this guys
What is it What is zabaglione cream
in Rome zabaglione not zabaglione I mean it's not
tiramisu but  eggnog cream That is, we
realize that we are talking
[Music]
the wonder
and I dive with fresh raisins with
Sister Roberto
Here we are friends we have completed
our fantastic lunch at Perilli in
Testaccio, Roman trattoria since 1901 at
this point of the video we had finished  to
eat and we were leaving the place
but we had some problems with
the audio we were about to tell you how much we
spent we spent 82 euros that
sounds good yes tell me 82 euros and so
what did we get we got
nervetti punterelle a gricia a half
carbonara then  we had a
portion of fried lamb half a liter
of wine plus another quarter and then two
tiramisu desserts and a sorbet and then two
coffees and two coffees and a grappa guys
41 euros each for everything
we ate at Perilli which is
tradition  Roman tradition
Roman supertraction eats very well
renovated historic place In short it's
clear but it's worth it see you in the
next video
[Music]